README.md, before:

# tomu-samples

## What are these:

These projects are simple programs for the [Tomu](http://tomu.im). They do
various things, and are intended to offer code examples and simple testing to
ease your introduction to the Tomu platform.

## How to use:

To compile these, you'll need a cross-compiling toolchain to arm-none-eabi.

 - Debian/Ubuntu/... : `sudo apt-get install gcc-arm-none-eabi`
 - Fedora : `sudo yum install arm-none-eabi-gcc-cs`
 - Other Linux : check your package manager, or
 - Anything else (Windows, OSX, Linux) : [https://launchpad.net/gcc-arm-embedded/+download](https://launchpad.net/gcc-arm-embedded/+download)

 There might be additional dependencies, depending on which specific project
 you're using, and the instructions for compilation are included in each
 project's README.md


## Flashing:

Once you've compiled the code, you can flash the Tomu using `minicom` on linux
and OSX, or some other serial I/O utility on Windows. To do that, set it up with
`115200 8n1`, then use `i` to show the bootloader version.

To upload the binary, press `u`, wait till the bootloader replies with `Ready`,
then press `^A-S`, choose XMODEM, choose the `.bin` file produced by the
compilation, and wait until it's uploaded.

Once that's done, press `b` to boot into the firmware. The bootloader will hang
for 5-7 seconds, then the Tomu will boot.

Commit message:

Add Dockerfile for building firmware

README.md, after:

# tomu-samples

## What are these:

These projects are simple programs for the [Tomu](http://tomu.im). They do
various things, and are intended to offer code examples and simple testing to
ease your introduction to the Tomu platform.

## How to use:

### Docker

There is a Dockerfile for your convenience which will build an image with the complete toolchain available.

Compile the image once using `docker build -t tomu .` in the root directory of this project.

After that you can reuse the image for every command like the following example

`docker run --rm -t -i -v $(pwd)/efm32hg-blinky:/code tomu make`

### Manual

To compile these, you'll need a cross-compiling toolchain to arm-none-eabi.

 - Debian/Ubuntu/... : `sudo apt-get install gcc-arm-none-eabi`
 - Fedora : `sudo yum install arm-none-eabi-gcc-cs`
 - Other Linux : check your package manager, or
 - Anything else (Windows, OSX, Linux) : [https://launchpad.net/gcc-arm-embedded/+download](https://launchpad.net/gcc-arm-embedded/+download)

 There might be additional dependencies, depending on which specific project
 you're using, and the instructions for compilation are included in each
 project's README.md


## Flashing:

Once you've compiled the code, you can flash the Tomu using `minicom` on linux
and OSX, or some other serial I/O utility on Windows. To do that, set it up with
`115200 8n1`, then use `i` to show the bootloader version.

To upload the binary, press `u`, wait till the bootloader replies with `Ready`,
then press `^A-S`, choose XMODEM, choose the `.bin` file produced by the
compilation, and wait until it's uploaded.

Once that's done, press `b` to boot into the firmware. The bootloader will hang
for 5-7 seconds, then the Tomu will boot.
